fix(snagboot): update snagboot documentation. (#384)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/Tools/Flash_via_Fastboot.rst

* Power off the EVM and set up the boot mode switches to boot from USB DFU.

.. code-block:: text

   SW2-11001100
   SW3-00000000

* Power on the board.
* Optionally you can also connect host PC to board via UART to read the console logs.

How to use Snagfactory
**********************

> Comprehensive instructions for installation of the Snagfactory tool can be found here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comprehensive instructions for installation of the Snagfactory tool are here:
```

         - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/u-boot.img"
           part: ospi_nand.u-boot

For reference, the  :file:`emmc.yaml` file for **am62p** platform can be as follows:

.. code-block:: text

   boards:
     "0451:6165": "am62p"
   soc-models:
     am62p-firmware:
         tiboot3:
           path: "<path_to_boot_binaries>/tiboot3.bin"
         tispl:
           path: "<path_to_boot_binaries>/tispl.bin"
         u-boot:
           path: "<path_to_boot_binaries>/u-boot.img"
     am62p-tasks:
       - target-device: mmc0
         fb-buffer-addr: 0x82000000
         fb-buffer-size: 0x7000000
       - task: gpt
         args:
           - name: rootfs
             size: 1G
       - task: reset
       - task: flash
         args:
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/tiboot3.bin"
             image-offset: 0x0
             part: "hwpart 1"
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/tispl.bin"
             image-offset: 0x80000
             part: "hwpart 1"
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/u-boot.img"
             image-offset: 0x280000
             part: "hwpart 1"
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/rootfs.ext4"
             part: "rootfs"

> **Snagboot Commandline Configuration and Device Flashing Procedure**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Snagboot Command-line Configuration and Device Flashing Procedure**
```

The tool currently supports MMC and MTD backends for flashing images.

.. note::

   SnagFactory GUI tool is a prerequisite for this procedure.

The following steps outline the process for configuring and flashing a device using
the SnagFactory GUI tool.

.. figure:: /images/snagfactory.png
   :height: 500
   :width: 800

**Step 1: Launch SnagFactory GUI Tool**

* Launch the SnagFactory GUI tool to initiate the configuration and device flashing process.

 .. code-block:: console

     $ snagfactory

**Step 2: Select Configuration File Option**

* Upon launch, the SnagFactory GUI tool will present the option to add a configuration file.
  Select the conf option to proceed with loading the configuration file.

**Step 3: Load YAML Configuration File**

* Load the YAML configuration file for the platform. This file contains the necessary settings
  and parameters for the device flashing process.

**Step 4: Flash the Device**

* Once the YAML configuration file is loaded, the SnagFactory GUI tool will flash the device with
  the specified configuration.

The example configuration files for **emmc** and **ospi-nand** and **ospi-nor** are as follows.

> For reference, the **ospi-nor.yaml** file for **am62p** platform can be as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For reference, the :file:`ospi-nor.yaml` file for **am62p** platform can be as follows:
```

Author: updated.

       am625-tasks:
       - eraseblk-size: 0x40000
         fb-buffer-addr: 0x82000000
         fb-buffer-size: 0x7000000
         target-device: spi-nand0
       - task: run
         args:
           - "oem_run:mtd list"
           - "oem_run:setenv mtdids spi-nand0=spi-nand0"
       - task: mtd-parts
         args:
           - name: ospi_nand.tiboot3
             size: 0x80000
           - name: ospi_nand.tispl
             size: 0x200000
           - name: ospi_nand.u-boot
             size: 0x400000
           - name: ospi_nand.env
             size: 0x40000
           - name: ospi_nand.env.backup
             size: 0x40000
           - name: ospi_nand.rootfs
             size: 0x5fc0000
             start: 0x2000000
           - name: ospi_nand.phypattern
             start: 0x7fc0000
             size: 0x40000
       - task: flash
         args:
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/tiboot3.bin"
             part: ospi_nand.tiboot3
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/tispl.bin"
             part: ospi_nand.tispl
           - image: "<path_to_flash_binaries>/u-boot.img"
             part: ospi_nand.u-boot

> For reference, the **emmc.yaml** file for **am62p** platform can be as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For reference, the :file:`emmc.yaml` file for **am62p** platform can be as follows:
```

Author: updated.
